Recipes draft (#1003)
swcarpentry/git-novice: episodes/07-github.md

We use SSH here because, while it requires some additional configuration, it is a
security protocol widely used by many applications.  The steps below describe SSH at a
minimum level for GitHub. A supplemental episode to this lesson discusses advanced setup

> and concepts of SSH and key pairs, and other material supplemental to git related SSH.

Reviewer: Where does this supplemental episode exist?

Author: @dpshelio can you clarify what this referred to please?

Alfredo has not set up SSH on his computer, so his output is

```output
ls: cannot access '/c/Users/Alfredo/.ssh': No such file or directory
```

If SSH has been set up on the computer you're using, the public and private key pairs will be listed. The file names are either `id_ed25519`/`id_ed25519.pub` or `id_rsa`/`id_rsa.pub` depending on how the key pairs were set up.
Since they don't exist on Alfredo's computer, he uses this command to create them.

### 3\.1 Create an SSH key pair

To create an SSH key pair Vlad uses this command, where the `-t` option specifies which type of algorithm to use and `-C` attaches a comment to the key (here, Vlad's email):

```bash
$ ssh-keygen -t ed25519 -C "a.linguini@ratatouille.fr"
```

If you are using a legacy system that doesn't support the Ed25519 algorithm, use:
`$ ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -C "your_email@example.com"`

```output
Generating public/private ed25519 key pair.
Enter file in which to save the key (/c/Users/Alfredo/.ssh/id_ed25519):
```

We want to use the default file, so just press <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

```output
Created directory '/c/Users/Alfredo/.ssh'.
Enter passphrase (empty for no passphrase):
```

> Now, it is prompting Alfredo for a passphrase.  Since he is using his kitchen's laptop that other people sometimes have access to, he wants to create a passphrase.  Be sure to use something memorable or save your passphrase somewhere, as there is no "reset my password" option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, it is prompting Alfredo for a passphrase.  Since he is using a computer that other people sometimes have access to, he wants to create a passphrase.  Be sure to use something memorable or save your passphrase somewhere, as there is no "reset my password" option.
```
